# CSGO-Statstical-Analysis-of-First-Bullet-Accurecy# Project Counter STrike Global Offensive Statistcal Analysis of First Shot Accurency
    #### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/uMG7hYXrV8g
    #### Description:
    Counter Strike Global offensive is one of the most popular first person shooter games in the world. The goal of the game is to eliminate the opposing team. In order to elimnate the enemy player 100 damamge must be dealt to them. The fastest way to deal 100 damamge is to shoot them in the head with you vitural gun. Player in the game purposely use their mouse to move the crosshair in the middle of the screen, to the head of the enemy to eliminate them in the shortest possible time. The ability of the player to do this simple fact shows vast difference in player skill. The farther away from the crosshair is from the opponets head, the more difficult moving the crosshair to it is. The purpose of this program is to measure how far away the crosshair is away from the head of the enemy, then calculate statistics that show what percentage of the time they hit shots at difference distances. These stats are then written to an excel document.
    THe program is designed to open multiple .png files in which the user will click on the head of the enemy in the screenshot. The program will them caculate the stats that will be generated from the data by the counting of pixels.

    The first goal was to open the image and find the pixel that will be changed in color along with the center one from a speciifc image. The nameing sceme of the screenshots provided by the user goes # y.png or # n.png. This allowed the program to distinguish between if the player hit the shot or not. If the file name contained a y then he hit the shot, otherwhise if it contained a no he did not. Incrementation was build into both scenarios differently. If the shot was hit the counter for varibles total_duals and first_bullet_hit were incremented. If the shot was not hit only the total_duals was incremented. The program then opens the provided screenshot with the help of the open cv library and display it on the screen. Another fucntion cv2 fucntion of detecting an event of left clicking the mouse was used to get the coordninates of head when using the cursor to click on it. This provided x and y coordinates needed to change the color of the pixels. The counting pixels method works was changing the color of the crosshair (center pixel) and the pixel clicked on in the png file. This produces a png with two very specific colored pixels that are not found anywhere in the game therefore wont be confused when the next function scans the screen for these specific screen positions. The image was then turning into an array by numpy and the coordinates were found due to the color change of the pixels. These arrays were then subracted form each other to find the distance each pixel were form each other. This provided a distance_total data point that all other data is derived from.

    The three varibles gained from this function (total_distance, first_bullet_hit, total_duels) are the data used to calculate all of the other statistics within the workbook. The varible average_distance_from_head_var was generaged by averaging the list of all the total_distance varibles mined from each image. The first_shot_hit_percentage was determined by how many of the screenshots provided contained the format # y.png which was divided by the total_duals. Also each shot was classified was an easy, medium, hard, or extreme shot. This was done just by incrementation depending on the total_distance value provided by the last rotation of the for loop. If the total distance was < 30 then it was consdiered an easy shot. This was the format was used for medium, hard, and extreme shots but their values pixel values were 100, 275, and over 275 respectively. Using thesme parameters and the previously stated screenshot naming funciton the results of Easy Shots Hit Percentage (%), Medium Shots Hit Percentage (%), Hard Shots Hit Percentage (%), Extreme Shots Hit Percentage (%), Easy Shots Taken Percentage (%), Medium Shots Taken Percentage (%), Hard Shots Taken Percentage (%), and Extreme Shots Taken Percentage (%). These were also all written to the excel document. Final the players name and map played were also written to the document. Other varibles in the workbook include the name of the player and map played which are promps that you user inputs in the first stage of the program. The final program writes all these varibles to the next empty row within the workbook giving advanced insight into the players skill though statiscial analysis.
